Big deal, your vicious heart
The battle sequence of large disciples of the sect
It's all a lottery
My disciple Ye Wuji
How could it be so coincidental?
Draw your son Zhao Lingfeng?
Huang Zhishi is cautious
How important is the sect?
This battle is decided by raising money
You can only blame your apprentice for his bad luck
You fart
Everyone knows the vertical door
That Zhao Lingfeng
Ye Wuji's seat of truth has long been entrusted to him
There are many humiliations to Ye Wuji on weekdays
Sect Master Underworld is clearly a big trend
Using power for personal gain to pave the way for his son
Deliberately let Ye Wuji shoot Zhao Lingfeng
Huanglong, I think you are courting death
Two straight men
Noisy at the sect competition
Not embarrassing enough
This Ye Wuji
Occupy sect resources for two years
No progress whatsoever.
Now he has been publicly rejected by Lin Xiaozong's leftover woman
For my sect
Just a waste
Now that the order of the draw has been decided
Then it depends on his fate, sect master
Emperor, do you want to disobey orders and be disrespectful?
dare not
Ok big cheese
Let's just announce the start of the game
All disciples obey
The sect competition officially began
The first game will be played by Ye Wuji against Zhao Lingfeng
This business machine is too bad
I met Zhao Linfeng in the first game
Do you think this business opportunity will win?
Are you kidding?
Business Machine is just a school district second batch
I heard that Zhao Linfeng's mother is a city
A forest grass has been purchased for him with a lot of money
How many defective products have been broken through through this?
That business machine seems to be dead
Ye Wuji is not coming out soon to fight with me
Ye Wuji seems that I look up to you, a waste
I didn't expect that even the courage to fight me
No breath
Became a shrinking tortoise
Wuji, you can't act out of emotion.
Keep the green mountains
Not afraid of running out of firewood
Don't come out and die in vain
Huanglong, look at the good apprentice you have made
First to be treated as
public divorce
Now he doesn't even have the courage to go to the ring
What a waste
Sovereign
I propose to immediately deprive Ye Wuji of his status as a true biography
Expel him from the Rizong
This Ye Wuji
So disappointing
I Haorizong martial artist
When heroic and radical
dignified
A bloody coward like Ye Wuji
He is not worthy of being a disciple of my Haori Sect at all
I declare today to be inorganic eviction at night